1

Jehovah's Attributes
(Revelation 4:11)

1. Jehovah God, exalted in might, Source of all life and Provider of light. Creation speaks of your power so great; More your great day will still relate. 2. Your lofty throne, on justice it stands. Thus you make known all your righteous commands. And as we turn to your Word, we can see Your wisdom shine so brilliantly. 3. Greatest of all is your perfect love. None can repay all your gifts from above. Your attributes and your glorious name, Exultingly we will proclaim.

(See also Ps. 36:9; 145:6-13; Jas. 1:17.)

2

We Thank You, Jehovah
(1 Thessalonians 5:18)

1. We thank you, Jehovah, each day and each night, That you shed upon us your precious light. We thank you that we have the priv'lege of prayer, That we can approach you with ev'ry care. 2. We thank you, Jehovah, for your loving Son, Who conquered the world; By his faith he won. We thank you for guidance in doing your will, For thus you do help us our vows fulfill. 3. We thank you, our God, for the honor to preach About your great name and the truth to teach. We thank you that soon all earth's woes will be past, While your Kingdom blessings forever last.

(See also Ps. 50:14; 95:2; 147:7; Col. 3:15.)

3

"God Is Love"
(1 John 4:7, 8)

1. God is love, and he invites us, ‘Walk with me and love my way.' When we love both God and neighbor, Gracious deeds will fill each day. Therein lies the key to living; Therein lies the life we seek. Christlike love will never fail us. Christlike love through us will speak. 2. Love of truth moves us to action; Love of God moves us to love. When we fail he seeks to help us; By his strength we rise above. Love is pure and never jealous; Love is kind and bears all things. May we grow to love our brother. May we taste what true love brings. 3. Never let resentment lead you; May it never take your hand. Look to God, and he will guide you; He will teach you these commands: Love of God and love of neighbor, Ev'rything that love should be. May we always show to others Godlike love, yes, tenderly.

(See also Mark 12:30, 31; 1 Cor. 12:31–13:8; 1 John 3:23.)

4

Making a Good Name With God
(Ecclesiastes 7:1)

1. Throughout our lifetime, We want to use each day To make a good name And all God's laws obey. If in Jehovah's sight We strive to do what's right, Then to his own heart We'll bring delight. 2. To seek in this world A celebrated name, To want its favor, To bask in its acclaim Is simply vanity. For if its friend we'd be, Jehovah's favor We would not see. 3. In God's remembrance We want our name to be Inscribed in his book For all eternity. On him we can depend, So we his truth defend And keep our good name Down to the end.

(See also Gen. 11:4; Prov. 22:1; Mal. 3:16; Rev. 20:15.)

5

Christ, Our Exemplar
(Romans 5:8)

1. What love Jehovah showed, What blessings from him flowed, When for all mankind he gave his dear Son. Christ then became our bread, That we might all be fed, And life eternal in peace might be won. 2. Christ taught us ev'ry day For God's great name to pray, The name Jehovah to be sanctified. Pray that his Kingdom come And that his will be done. Pray that he daily our bread will provide. 3. God's truth Christ Jesus taught And tender comfort brought To those who followed as his faithful sheep. May seeds of Kingdom praise Be sown through all our days. Then satisfaction and joy we will reap.

(See also Matt. 6:9-11; John 3:16; 6:31-51; Eph. 5:2.)

6

The Prayer of God's Servant
(Ephesians 6:18)

1. Heavenly Father, Sovereign Lord, May your great name forever be adored. Your tender mercies long will endure, Ever so faithful, ever so sure. Ever faithful, ever sure, All your mercies will endure. 2. Love for the truth within us instill. Help us, O God, to carry out your will. All your commandments we want to keep, Finding and feeding your precious sheep. Finding, feeding your dear sheep, Your commands we want to keep. 3. Wisdom we seek from heaven above. Please grant this gift, and fill our hearts with love. Help us our love and mercy to show, Helping all men our great God to know. Helping all our God to know, May our love and mercy show.

(See also Ps. 143:10; John 21:15-17; Jas. 1:5.)

7

Christian Dedication
(Hebrews 10:7, 9)

1. Because Jehovah created The universe so grand, To him belong the earth and sky, The works of his own hand. The breath of life he has given And to his creatures shown That worthy is he to have the praise, The worship of all his own. 2. In water Jesus was baptized To righteousness fulfill. In solemn prayer he said to God: ‘I've come to do your will.' When he came up from the Jordan As God's anointed Son, Obedient and loyal he would serve As God's dedicated One.

3. We come before you, Jehovah, To praise your name so great. Disowning self, with humble hearts Our lives we dedicate. You gave your only begotten, Who paid the price so high. No longer as living for ourselves, For you we shall live or die.

(See also Matt. 16:24; Mark 8:34; Luke 9:23.)

8

The Lord's Evening Meal
(Matthew 26:26-30)

1. Jehovah, our Father in heaven, Oh, this is a most sacred night! It was Nisan fourteen when your glory was seen, Your love, justice, wisdom, and might. The Passover lamb was then eaten, And Israel's tribes went forth free. Cent'ries later our Lord his own lifeblood outpoured To fulfill this divine prophecy. 2. We're gathered together before you. As sheep of your pasture, we came To give praise for your love that brought Christ from above, To honor your most holy name. We keep this Memorial occasion Fixed firmly in heart and in mind. Thus we'll walk ev'ry day as Christ showed us the way, And then life everlasting we'll find.

(See also Luke 22:14-20; 1 Cor. 11:23-26.)

9

Praise Jehovah, Our God!
(Psalm 145:12)

1. Praise our God! Praise Jehovah God! Make his glorious name known to all! Sound alarm! For his day is near, And all men must heed his warning call. Our God has decreed that now is the time For his Firstborn to rule as King. Reach out to all men, and tell them the news, Tell what blessings our God will bring!
(CHORUS)

Praise our God! Praise Jehovah God! Make his greatness known in all the earth! 2. Praise our God! Sing it loud and clear! With a joyful song, laud his name! From the heart, From a grateful heart, All his glory boldly we proclaim. Though grand is our God and great are his works, He is humble and good to all. He shows loving-kindness, mercy, and love And will hear when to him we call.
(Chorus)

(See also Ps. 89:27; 105:1; Jer. 33:11.)

10

"Here I Am! Send Me"
(Isaiah 6:8)

1. Today men heap reproach and shame, In many ways on God's fair name. Some show God weak; some paint him cruel. "There is no God!" so shouts the fool. Who'll go the name of God to clear? Who'll sing his praise for all to hear? "Lord, here I am! Send me, send me. I'll sing your praises faithfully.
(CHORUS)

No greater honor could there be, Lord. Here I am! Send me, send me." 2. Men make the taunt that God is slow; The fear of God they do not know. Some worship idols made of stone; Some would put Caesar on God's throne. Who'll tell the wicked what's in store? Who'll warn of God's great final war? "Lord, here I am! Send me, send me. I'll sound the warning fearlessly.
(Chorus)

3. Today the meek ones mourn and sigh Because the evils multiply. With honest hearts they seek to find The truth that gives real peace of mind. Who'll go with comfort to the meek? Who'll help them righteousness to seek? "Lord, here I am! Send me, send me. I'll teach such meek ones patiently.
(Chorus)

(See also Ps. 10:4; Ezek. 9:4.)

11

Making Jehovah's Heart Glad
(Proverbs 27:11)

1. Great God, we've vowed to do your will; In wisdom your work we'll fulfill. For then we know we'll have a part In making glad your loving heart. 2. Your slave, your steward here on earth, Proclaims your greatness and your worth, Feeds us with nourishment when due, Thus strengthens us your will to do. 3. Impart to us your active force, That we may keep a faithful course And bring forth fruitage to your praise And thus make glad your heart always.

(See also Matt. 24:45-47; Luke 11:13; 22:42.)

12

Life Everlasting Is Promised
(Psalm 37:29)

1. Life everlasting is promised. Man's earthly home will endure. ‘Meek ones will thrive,' said the psalmist. This grand future is sure.
(CHORUS)

We can live forever. It's worth all endeavor. God's promise is faithful. His Word will come true. 2. Paradise brought to perfection; All of God's children set free. Under Jehovah's direction, Peace on earth we will see.
(Chorus)

3. Soon in the grand resurrection, Sorrow will all disappear. Showering tender affection, God will dry ev'ry tear.
(Chorus)

(See also Isa. 25:8; Luke 23:43; John 11:25; Rev. 21:4.)

13

A Prayer of Thanksgiving
(Psalm 95:2)

1. Gracious Jehovah, deserving of praise, To you, O Sov'reign, our voices we raise. We bow to you, O Great Hearer of prayer, Placing ourselves under your tender care. Daily our errors reveal we are weak; For our transgressions forgiveness we seek. Look! with the blood of your Son we were bought. Now our desire is by you to be taught. 2. Happy are those whom you choose to invite Into your courts of instruction and light. Teach us to know you; your Word is our guide. Here in your temple, we wish to reside. Awesome indeed is your powerful hand, Giving your servants the courage to stand. God of salvation, your Kingdom we hail. Preach it we must, for it never will fail. 3. May your attention cause joy to abound; In all the earth let your worship be found. Crowned with your goodness, your Kingdom appears, Wiping out sickness, death, sorrow, and tears. All that is wicked, your Son will destroy; Blessed creation will cry out for joy. Shouting in triumph, oh, thanks let us sing: "Praise to Jehovah, our glorious King!"

(See also Ps. 65:2, 4, 11; Phil. 4:6.)

14

All Things Made New
(Revelation 21:1-5)

1. "The signs of the times" prove God's rule has begun. In glory enthroned sits Jehovah's Son. The battle in heaven he's fought and won, And soon on the earth shall God's will be done.
(CHORUS)

Rejoice! For God's tent is with men, And he himself resides with them. No more will there be pain or crying, No sorrowing nor any dying; For God has said: ‘I'm making all things new.' These words faithful are and true. 2. Let all men the chaste New Jerusalem see, The bride of the Lamb shining radiantly. Adorned now with most precious gems is she, And only Jehovah her light will be.
(Chorus)

3. This city so fair will be all men's delight. Its gates will be open both day and night. All nations will walk in her glory bright; O servants of God, now reflect that light.
(Chorus)

(See also Matt. 16:3; Rev. 12:7-9; 21:23-25.)

15

Creation Reveals Jehovah's Glory
(Psalm 19)

1. Jehovah God, my soul is well aware. A host of stars, your glory does declare. From day to day and night to night they speak And without words bring knowledge to the meek. From day to day and night to night they speak And without words bring knowledge to the meek. 2. For you have made the sun and moon and stars. Great oceans stop where you have set their bars. We lift our eyes and see your heavens grand. We stand in awe that you remember man. We lift our eyes and see your heavens grand. We stand in awe that you remember man. 3. Your laws are pure, and your commands are true. Day after day, reminders come from you. They make us wise, are better than fine gold. Oh, may we keep them, always to them hold. They make us wise, are better than fine gold. Oh, may we keep them, always to them hold.

(See also Ps. 12:6; 89:7; 144:3; Rom. 1:20.)

16

Flee to God's Kingdom!
(Zephaniah 2:3)

1. Oh, seek Jehovah, you meek ones and lowly; Seek what is right, and seek meekness today. Thus it may be in the day of his anger That you may be hidden away.
(CHORUS)

Flee to God's Kingdom, the hope of mankind; Firm for his rule take your stand. There you will find God's protection and blessing; Hasten to heed his command. 2. Come, you who hunger for truth and for justice; Why longer sorrow and cry out in pain? Seek now God's way to escape the oppressor, Submitting yourself to Christ's reign.
(Chorus)

3. Look up, yes, lift up your heads with rejoicing; See all the proof that the Kingdom is here! Welcome the light that Jehovah is sending, And let him alone be your fear!
(Chorus)

(See also Ps. 59:16; Prov. 18:10; 1 Cor. 16:13.)

17

Forward, You Witnesses!
(Luke 16:16)

1. Firm and determined in this time of the end, Prepared are God's servants the good news to defend. Though Satan against us has vaunted, In our God's strength we move ahead undaunted.
(CHORUS)

Then forward, you Witnesses, ever strong of heart! Rejoice that in God's work, you too may have a part! Go tell far and wide that the paradise is near And that soon all its blessings will be here. 2. Soldiers of Jah do not seek a life of ease; The world and its rulers we do not try to please. Unspotted at all times remaining, Our integrity we shall keep maintaining.
(Chorus)

3. God's Kingdom hope has been mocked and pushed aside; His great name is slandered, its holiness denied. Let's share in its sanctification, And proclaim it to ev'ry tribe and nation.
(Chorus)

(See also Phil. 1:7; 2 Tim. 2:3, 4; Jas. 1:27.)

18

God's Loyal Love
(Isaiah 55:1-3)

1. Loyal love! God is love. This truth cheers us from above. Love caused God to send his Son, Who for us the ransom won, That we might gain righteousness, Life eternal, happiness.
(CHORUS)

Hey there, all you thirsty ones, Come and drink life's water free. Yes, come drink, you thirsty ones; God's loving-kindness see. 2. Loyal love! God is love. All his works give proof thereof. Love for us he's further shown, Giving Christ the kingly throne To fulfill his cov'nant sworn. See! His Kingdom has been born.
(Chorus)

3. Loyal love! God is love. May his love move us to love. Loyally we'll help the meek, As God's righteous way they seek. May we preach with godly fear, Comfort spread for all to hear.
(Chorus)
(See also Ps. 33:5; 57:10; Eph. 1:7.)

19

God's Promise of Paradise
(Luke 23:43)

1. A paradise our God has promised, By means of Christ's Millennial Reign, When he'll blot out all sin and error, Removing death and tears and pain.
(CHORUS)

A paradise, the earth will be. With eyes of faith, this we can see. This promise Christ shall soon fulfill, For he delights to do God's will. 2. Soon here on earth, as God has purposed, His Son will cause the dead to rise. Thus it will be as Jesus promised: ‘You'll be with me in Paradise.'
(Chorus)

3. Yes, Paradise, our Lord did promise. And he is now earth's rightful King. We daily thank our loving Father, And from our hearts, his praises sing.
(Chorus)

(See also Matt. 5:5; 6:10; John 5:28, 29.)

20

Bless Our Meeting Together
(Hebrews 10:24, 25)

1. Bless us as we meet together, Great Jehovah, we now pray. For our meetings we do thank you; May your spirit with us stay. 2. Help us, Lord, refine our worship; With your Word, oh, do us fill. Train our minds and tongues to witness; Love within our hearts instill. 3. So, dear Father, bless our meetings; Grant us peace and unity. May our words and may our actions Magnify your Sov'reignty.

(See also Ps. 22:22; 34:3; Isa. 50:4.)

21

Happy, the Merciful!
(Matthew 5:7)

1. How happy are the merciful! In God's eyes they are beautiful. They tell to all who love the right That God in mercy takes delight. Through Jesus, mercy God displayed, Provision for our ransom made. He offers mercy to the meek Because he knows our frame is weak. 2. Those merciful like God are blessed; Through sins forgiven they have rest. They benefit by mercy shown, Since Christ appeared before God's throne. This mercy they would gladly share By preaching God's Word ev'rywhere, By telling men, "Be of good cheer Because the Kingdom now is here."

3. The meek will see Jehovah's love When they are judged by him above. His mercy they will really know, Since they, like him, true mercy show. So merciful let's strive to be And cultivate that quality. Our God and Christ have shown the way; May we show mercy ev'ry day.

(See also Luke 6:36; Rom. 12:8; Jas. 2:13.)

22

"Jehovah Is My Shepherd"
(Psalm 23)

1. Jehovah God is my Shepherd; So why should I fear or fret? For he who cares for his sheep so much Will none of his own forget. By quiet waters he leads me, My soul does restore and bless. He guides my steps for his own name's sake In pathways of righteousness. He guides my steps for his own name's sake In pathways of righteousness. 2. Alone in depths of deep shadow, I walk, yet I fear no harm. For my Great Shepherd is always near; His staff keeps me from alarm. My head with oil he refreshes; My cup he has filled up well. His loving-kindness will follow me, And there in his house I'll dwell. His loving-kindness will follow me, And there in his house I'll dwell.

3. How wise and loving my Shepherd! His praises with joy I sing. The cheering news of his tender care To sheeplike ones I will bring. His Word I'll faithfully follow, Walk carefully in his way. My glorious treasure of serving him, I'll gratefully use each day. My glorious treasure of serving him, I'll gratefully use each day.

(See also Ps. 28:9; 80:1.)

23

Jehovah, Our Strength
(Isaiah 12:2)

1. Gracious Jehovah, our strength and our might, You are our Savior, in you we delight. We are your Witnesses bearing your news, Whether men hear or they proudly refuse.
(CHORUS)

Jehovah, our Rock, our strength and our might, Your name we make known both day and night. Glorious Jehovah, Almighty in pow'r, You are our hiding place; You are our Tow'r. 2. We who now serve you rejoice in your light; With opened eyes, we now see truth and right. Searching the Scriptures, we hear your command; Making our choice, for your Kingdom we stand.
(Chorus)

3. Gladly, O God, we keep doing your will. Though Satan mocks us, we're trusting you still. Though he may slay us, oh, help us to be Firm to the end for your grand Sov'reignty.
(Chorus)

(See also 2 Sam. 22:3; Ps. 18:2; Isa. 43:12.)

24

Keep Your Eyes on the Prize!
(2 Corinthians 4:18)

1. When eyes of blind ones see again And ears of deaf ones hear again, When deserts blossom as the rose And from parched ground fresh water flows, When lame ones leap just like the hart, When loved ones never have to part, Such blessed times you'll realize, If you keep your eyes on the prize. 2. When tongues of mute ones speak again, When old ones will be young again, When earth will yield her rich increase And all good things will never cease, When songs of children fill the air, When joy and peace are ev'rywhere, Then, too, you'll see the dead arise, If you keep your eyes on the prize. 3. When wolves and lambs will feed as one, When bears and calves bask in the sun, A mere young boy will lead them all, And they will heed his childish call. When tears belong to yesterday, When fears and pain have passed away, You'll see how God these things supplies, If you keep your eyes on the prize.

(See also Isa. 11:6-9; 35:5-7; John 11:24.)

25

Proof of Discipleship
( John 13:34, 35)

1. There is a law we must all obey If we would live the Christian way. This is the kingly law from above; This is how we show Christlike love. Such was the love of our Lord, the Christ; His perfect life he sacrificed. He left a model we follow closely; His disciples, we prove to be. 2. Genuine love that will never fail Tenderly aids the weak or frail. Love is a debt that we must repay, Serving willingly day by day. No other place could we ever find Friends showing love of this rare kind. These are the bonds that we can be sure of; May we follow the way of love.

(See also Rom. 13:8; 1 Cor. 13:8; Jas. 2:8; 1 John 4:10, 11.)

26

Oh, Walk With God!
(Micah 6:8)

1. Oh, walk with God in modesty; Love kindness, and be true. With God keep your integrity; Let him your strength renew. If you would keep his truth so grand, By men be not beguiled; But let God lead you by the hand, Just as a little child. 2. Oh, walk with God in purity; Relapse not into sin. Advance to full maturity, And his approval win. And on whatever things are pure And lovely, true, and just, On these things think; and to endure, In God put all your trust. 3. Oh, walk with God in faithfulness, For then you will attain Contentment true and godliness, Which are the greatest gain. Oh, walk with God; be ever glad His glorious praise to sing. The greatest joy that can be had, His Kingdom work will bring.

(See also Gen. 5:24; 6:9; Phil. 4:8; 1 Tim. 6:6-8.)

27

Take Sides With Jehovah!
(Exodus 32:26)

1. Once with confusion our sad hearts were filled, Drinking the cup false religion distilled; But with what happiness our hearts were thrilled When of God's Kingdom we heard.
(CHORUS)

Take sides with Jehovah; Make him your delight. He'll never forsake you; Walk on in his light. Tell, tell the glad tidings Of freedom and peace. His rule by Christ Jesus Will ever increase. 2. Now we're rejoicing in serving our God, Spreading the seeds of his truth all abroad, Helping our brothers God's virtues to laud, Praising his great worthy name.
(Chorus)

3. We will not fear what the Devil can do. Trusting Jehovah will carry us through. Though they are many and though we are few, God is our strength and our might.
(Chorus)

(See also Ps. 94:14; Prov. 3:5, 6; Heb. 13:5.)

28

The New Song
(Psalm 98)

1. Sing to God a song, A song of praise that's bold and new. Tell of all the great things He's done and yet will do. Praise his mighty arm; He is the God of victory. In the cause of justice, He judges righteously.
(CHORUS)

Sing, sing, sing! The new song, let it ring! Sing, sing, sing! Jehovah is our King. 2. Make a joyful shout, A joyful cry to God, our King! Laud his name, give honor; A joyful anthem sing. Join the mighty throng, And sing aloud before the Lord. Harp and horn and trumpet Sound praise in full accord.
(Chorus)

3. Let the mighty sea And all therein resound with praise. Join with earth's creation, Exulting voices raise. Let the land rejoice, And let the rivers clap their hands. Mountains, hills, and valleys Sing praise in all the lands.
(Chorus)

(See also Ps. 96:1; 149:1; Isa. 42:10.)

29

Walking in Integrity
(Psalm 26)

1. Please, judge me, Lord, observe my loyalty; Observe my trust in you and my integrity. Examine me, and put me to the test; My mind and heart refine, that my soul might be blessed
(CHORUS)

But as for me, Determined I shall be to walk eternally In my integrity. 2. I do not sit with wicked men of lies. I hate the company of those who truth despise. With evil men, take not away my life; My soul, with those whose hands are full of bribes and strife.
(Chorus)

3. For I have loved the dwelling of your house. Your worship, oh, so pure, I daily will espouse. And I will march around your altar grand, To make thanksgiving heard aloud throughout the land.
(Chorus)

(See also Ps. 25:2.)

30

Jehovah Begins His Rule
(Revelation 11:15)

1. This is a glorious day. God's rule is now under way. He's laid in Zion his Chief Cornerstone. Let all now lift up the voice. Sing to our God, and rejoice. Christ, Lord and Savior, has been placed upon His throne.
(CHORUS)

What will you bring, Jehovah's Kingdom? Triumph of truth and righteousness. And bring what else, Jehovah's Kingdom? Eternal life and happiness. Praise the Universal Sov'reign For his love and faithfulness. 2. Christ now in power is here, And Armageddon is near. Satan's old system will soon pass away. Now is the season to preach. Many there are yet to reach; Time for the meek to take their stand for Him today.
(Chorus)

3. God's reigning Ruler we prize. Wondrous he is in our eyes. He comes in God's name; we bow to our King. Enter the grand temple gate; God's favor now supplicate. Soon dawns that day when he rules over ev'rything.
(Chorus)

(See also 2 Sam. 7:22; Dan. 2:44; Rev. 7:15.)

31

We Are Jehovah's Witnesses!
(Isaiah 43:10-12)

1. Men make gods of wood and stone, But the true God they've not known. He is God Almighty, As he's often shown. Other gods just cannot see What in future days will be. For witnesses they look all in vain, Since none their godship can maintain.
(CHORUS)

We're Jehovah's Witnesses. We speak out in fearlessness. Ours is the God of true prophecy; What he foretells comes to be. 2. Proudly we declare God's name, Bearing witness to his fame. News about his Kingdom, Boldly we proclaim. Others thus may come to see Truth from God that sets them free. As they grow strong, their voices they'll raise, Joining with us to sing his praise.
(Chorus)

3. Witnessing exalts God's name, Lifts therefrom reproach and shame. And it warns the wicked, Who God's name defame. Pardon it holds out to men, If they turn to God again. Thus bearing witness brings joy and peace And hope of life that will not cease.
(Chorus)

(See also Isa. 37:19; 55:11; Ezek. 3:19.)

32

Be Steadfast, Unmovable!
(1 Corinthians 15:58)

1. Nations are troubled as never before. People are fearful of what lies in store. Firm and unmovable we need to be, Serving our God faithfully.
(CHORUS)

Steadfast we all need to be; Far from this world we keep free, As we feed on God's truth and keep integrity. 2. Snares of this world and temptations abound. We can resist if our thinking is sound. If we hold fast to what God says is true, Safely he'll carry us through.
(Chorus)

3. Give to God worship that comes from the heart. In the Lord's service may we have a part. Preach the good news, always holding it fast. Soon the last days will have passed.
(Chorus)

(See also Luke 21:9; 1 Pet. 4:7.)

33

Fear Them Not!
(Matthew 10:28)

1. Ever onward, O my people, Let the Kingdom tidings go. Tremble not before our foe. Let all lovers of truth know That my reigning Son, Christ Jesus, To the earth has cast the foe, Soon to bind the Devil, Satan, Letting all his victims go.
(CHORUS)

Fear them not, O my beloved, Though their boasting threats may fly. I will keep my faithful servant As the apple of my eye. 2. Even though your foes are many, Though they threaten and revile, Though they flatter and they smile, To mislead and to beguile. Fear them not, my faithful warriors, Nor their persecution's heat, For I will preserve the faithful Till the vict'ry is complete.
(Chorus)

3. Never fear you are forgotten; I am still your strength and shield. Though you die upon the field, Even death to me will yield. Fear them not who kill the body But cannot destroy the soul. To the end may you be faithful; I will bring you to your goal!
(Chorus)

(See also Deut. 32:10; Neh. 4:14; Ps. 59:1; 83:2, 3.)

34

Living Up to Our Name
(Isaiah 43:10-12)

1. Glorious Jehovah, almighty, eternal, Perfect in justice, in power, in love. Source of all truth and of infinite wisdom, You rule as Sov'reign in heaven above. We as your people delight in your service; Your Kingdom truth we delight to proclaim.
(CHORUS)

Being your Witnesses, great is our priv'lege. Oh, may we ever live up to our name! 2. Working together in your sacred service Binds us as brothers in love and in peace. Teaching the truth and reﬂecting your glory Fill us with joy as your praises increase. Known by your name, O Jehovah, our Father, We have the honor to add to your fame.
(Chorus)

(See also Deut. 32:4; Ps. 43:3; Dan. 2:20, 21.)

35

Gratitude for Divine Patience
(2 Peter 3:15)

1. Great God, Jehovah, boundless in might, You have made known your love of right. Wickedness rules on earth below, Causing you pain, as we well know. You are not slow, as men may contend; Your time is near for badness to end. We look to you in hope and trust, Grateful that you are patient and just. 2. One thousand years, from your point of view, Are like a day when they are through. Time now proceeds to your great day; It will arrive without delay. Though all transgression you do resent, Your heart is glad when sinners repent. We look ahead with hope renewed, Praising your name in deep gratitude.

(See also Luke 15:7; 2 Pet. 3:8, 9.)

36

"What God Has Yoked Together"
(Matthew 19:5, 6)

1. With dignity and joy, A threefold cord is bound. With God and men to witness, These sacred vows resound. He vowed before Jehovah To love her from the heart.
(CHORUS)

"What God has yoked together Let no man put apart." 2. They both have searched God's Word To learn to do his will, And now they seek his blessing, Their promise to fulfill. She vowed before Jehovah To love him from the heart.
(Chorus)

(See also Gen. 2:24; Eccl. 4:12; Eph. 5:22-33.)

37

The Scriptures—Inspired of God
(2 Timothy 3:16, 17)

1. God's Word is a shining light, Guides our feet through earth's dark night. If we follow it faithfully, Surely its truth will set us free. 2. That divine Word is inspired, Teaches us what is required. Help it gives, setting all things straight, And for God's discipline to wait. 3. By these Scriptures from above, We have come to know God's love. Reading daily will make us wise, Showing us how to gain life's prize.

(See also Ps. 119:105; Prov. 4:13.)

38

Throw Your Burden on Jehovah
(Psalm 55)

1. Please give ear, O Lord, Jehovah, Let yourself be found by me. Hear my prayer, and may you answer; Help me unafraid to be.
(CHORUS)

Throw your burden on Jehovah; He himself will you sustain. He will never let you totter But will help you firm remain. 2. Had I wings just as a dove has, Far from danger I would ﬂy, Safe from those who seek to hurt me, Sheltered from their hateful cry.
(Chorus)

3. I will call upon Jehovah, His protection I will seek. He gives peace midst opposition; Strength he gives to all the meek.
(Chorus)

(See also Ps. 22:5; 31:1-24.)

39

Our Possession of Peace
( John 14:27)

1. Praise Jehovah, God of peace, God of unity. He will make all wars to cease, Bring in harmony. Prince of Peace is Christ his Son, Tender, calm, and kind. When the fight for right he's won, Perfect peace we'll find. 2. We have left off angry words, Making quarrels cease. We have made from spears and swords, Implements of peace. If this peace we want to keep, Then we must forgive. Peacefully as Jesus' sheep, May we learn and live. 3. As a fruit of righteousness, Peace we all must bear, Proof of wisdom from above, Gained through heartfelt prayer. We would recommend our way, Show our peaceful care Till the Kingdom's perfect day Brings peace ev'rywhere.

(See also Ps. 46:9; Isa. 2:4; Jas. 3:17, 18.)

40 Keep On Seeking First the Kingdom
(Matthew 6:33)
1. Something precious to Jehovah, Bringing him such keen delight, Is his Kingdom by Christ Jesus, Which will set all matters right.
(CHORUS)

Keep on seeking first the Kingdom And Jehovah's righteousness. Sing his praise among the nations, Serving him in faithfulness. 2. Why be anxious for tomorrow Lest we hunger, lest we thirst? For our God will make provision If we seek his Kingdom first.
(Chorus)

3. So proclaim the Kingdom good news; Help deserving ones to see That their hope is in Jehovah And in his Theocracy.
(Chorus)

(See also Ps. 27:14; Matt. 6:34; 10:11, 13; 1 Pet. 1:21.)

41

Worship Jehovah During Youth
(Ecclesiastes 12:1)

1. Precious to God are you daughters and sons; Great his affection for you, our dear ones. Loving attention to you he extends Through us, your parents, your fam'ly, and friends. 2. Honor your parents who care for your life, Giving no cause for contention or strife. If you gain favor with God and with men, Days of your youth will be happiest then. 3. Always remember your God in your youth; Grow ever stronger in love of the truth. By your devotion to God you will bring Joy to the heart of Jehovah, our King.

(See also Ps. 71:17; Lam. 3:27; Eph. 6:1-3.)

42

"Assist Those Who Are Weak"
(Acts 20:35)

1. Many are the weaknesses That we all possess. Still Jehovah cares for us, Loves us nonetheless. He is so merciful; His love, so powerful. May we too display such love, Help those in distress. 2. ‘Who is weak, and I'm not weak?' Paul did empathize. With Christ's blood we all were bought, Life to realize. Weak ones to God belong, Hence he can make them strong. May we feel their pain and cares, Help them dry their eyes. 3. Rather than condemn the weak, We should bear in mind How much we can strengthen them By our being kind. May we be diligent, Give them encouragement; As we lend our kind support, Comfort they will find.

(See also 2 Cor. 11:29; Isa. 35:3, 4; Gal. 6:2.)

43 Stay Awake, Stand Firm, Grow Mighty
(1 Corinthians 16:13)
1. Stay awake, stand firm, grow mighty, Be determined to endure. Carry on as men of courage, For the victory is sure. We obey Christ Jesus' clear command, Under him we firmly take our stand.
(CHORUS)

Stay awake, stand firm, and grow mighty! Carry on right to the end! 2. Stay awake, and keep your senses, Always ready to obey. Stay alert to Christ's direction Through his faithful slave today. Heed the counsel of the older men, Who protect his sheep and truth defend.
(Chorus)

3. Stay awake, remain united As the good news we defend. Though our enemies will fight it, We will preach until the end. Join the shout of praise throughout the land. Look! Jehovah's day is soon at hand!
(Chorus)

(See also Matt. 24:13; Heb. 13:7, 17; 1 Pet. 5:8.)

44

Sharing Joyfully in the Harvest
(Matthew 13:1-23)

1. We live in the time of the harvest, A priv'lege beyond all compare. God's glorious angels are reapers; In this work we too have a share. Christ Jesus has set the example By taking the lead in the field. So great is the honor bestowed on us To joyfully share in his yield. 2. True love for our God and our neighbor Now moves us to speed up our pace. Both harvest and preaching are urgent, For shortly the end we will face. The joy we receive is surpassing; As God's fellow workers, we share. So may we endure in his Kingdom work And know that his blessing is there.

(See also Matt. 24:13; 1 Cor. 3:9; 2 Tim. 4:2.)

45

Move Ahead!
(Hebrews 6:1)

1. Move ahead, move ahead to maturity! It's the will of our God that we gain ability. Try your best to improve in your ministry, Then our God your work will bless. There's a place in the service for all. It's the work Jesus did, you'll recall. Look to God that you thus at no time may fall, Standing firm for righteousness. 2. Move ahead, move ahead, boldly witnessing! Everlasting good news to all sorts of people bring. Join in praise to Jehovah, our God and King, As we preach from door to door. Wicked foes try to cause us to fear. Don't shrink back, but let ev'ryone hear Joyful news that the Kingdom of God is here. Teach the truth yet more and more. 3. Move ahead, move ahead, always follow through, And improve in your skills for there's so much work to do. Let God's spirit keep on motivating you. Find the joy that is divine. Love the people you work hard to find. Keep returning to reach heart and mind. And assist all good progress each day to make, So the light of truth will shine.
(See also Phil. 1:27; 3:16; Heb. 10:39.)

46

Jehovah Is Our King!
(Psalm 97:1)

1. Rejoice, give glory to Jehovah, For the heavens have told forth his righteousness. Let us sing to our God joyful songs to his praise And concern ourselves with his great acts.
(CHORUS)

Let the heavens rejoice, Let the earth joyful be, For Jehovah has become our King! Let the heavens rejoice, Let the earth joyful be, For Jehovah has become our King! 2. His glory tell among the nations; Of his great saving acts tell from day to day. For Jehovah is King; He deserves all the praise. We bow down before his mighty throne.
(Chorus)

3. His righteous rule is now established. On his throne, he has placed his anointed Son. Let the gods of this world suffer shame and bow down, For the praise belongs to God alone.
(Chorus)

(See also 1 Chron. 16:9; Ps. 68:20; 97:6, 7.)

47

Declare the Good News
(Revelation 14:6, 7)

1. The fullness of the Kingdom truth was long concealed. The truth about the promised Seed is now revealed. Jehovah in his mercy and his love of right Considered man's condition in his sinful plight. He formed his purpose that his Son should rule the earth; In God's due time the Kingdom rule would be brought to birth. And that he might arrange to bring his Son a bride, A little flock of chosen ones is glorified. 2. The good news that we now declare was long foreknown. Jehovah wills that in this time it shall be shown. Along with us, his angels take delight to share, To aid us as the Kingdom truth we now declare. We have the duty and the honor in these days To sanctify his name and give him his rightful praise. We're honored as his Witnesses that name to bear With everlasting good news that we now declare.

(See also Mark 4:11; Acts 5:31; 1 Cor. 2:1, 7.)

48

Daily Walking With Jehovah
(Micah 6:8)

1. Hand in hand with our dear Father, We would humbly walk with him each day. Oh, how undeserved his kindness That he grants to those who seek his way! God for us has made provision That we thus can take his hand. So we make our dedication; With Jehovah we take our stand. 2. In this day of mankind's judgment, As the system's end is drawing near, We are faced with opposition That could make us turn away in fear. But Jehovah gives protection; Close to him we want to stay That we might forever serve him. Love him loyally, never stray. 3. Help for us God has provided Through his spirit and his written Word, Through the Christian congregation, Through assurance that our prayer is heard. As we're walking with Jehovah, He will help us do what's right, Help us imitate his kindness And walk modestly in his sight.

(See also Gen. 5:24; 6:9; 1 Ki. 2:3, 4.)

49

Jehovah Is Our Refuge
(Psalm 91)

1. Jehovah is our refuge, Our God in whom we trust. His shadow is our shelter; Abide in it we must. For he himself will us defend, Upon his might we can depend. Jehovah is a stronghold, Giving shelter to all the just. 2. Though thousands will be falling Along your very side, Among those who are loyal, In safety you'll reside. You will not need to quake with fear, As though great harm to you were near. Your eyes will merely see it, Underneath God's wings you'll abide. 3. Protection God will give you From snares along your way, And never will you falter In fear or in dismay. The maned young lion, you'll not dread; Upon the cobra you will tread. Jehovah is our refuge, Ever guarding us on our way.

(See also Ps. 97:10; 121:3, 5; Isa. 52:12.)

50

The Divine Pattern of Love
(1 John 4:19)

1. Jehovah our God has wisely provided For us all, One and all, A pattern of love, that we may be guided, Lest we should fall, Lest we should fall. Come follow God's way, so warm and inviting; The way that is right, to fine works inciting; The roadway to peace, God's people uniting. God's way is love. Yes, God's way is love. 2. When we walk God's way, our love for our brother Will be true, Warm and true; Will make us alert to help one another In all we do, In all we do; Will help us forgive each small imperfection, Will help us to have true tender affection, Will help us to be our Father's reflection, Showing our love, Our brotherly love.

3. Our love for our God impels us to serve him All our days, All our days. We gladly obey with heartfelt devotion, Singing his praise, Singing his praise. So may we proclaim his name to each hearer; May they come to see the truth ever clearer. May his service grow still dearer and dearer, For that is love. Yes, that is true love.

(See also Rom. 12:10; Eph. 4:3; 2 Pet. 1:7.)

51

We Cleave to Jehovah
( Joshua 23:8)

1. Our Sov'reign, Jehovah, has shown himself deserving. In all of his dealings, his justice is unswerving. No word he has spoken will prove to be in vain. We cleave to Jehovah and close to him remain; Embracing his rule is the way of lasting gain. 2. On truth and on justice his throne is firmly founded. The place of his dwelling with glory is surrounded. At his invitation, to him the meek now stream. We cleave to Jehovah, the God who is supreme; Deserving is he of our worshipful esteem. 3. The heaven of heavens itself cannot contain him. No foe can resist him, no enemy restrain him. All things he has promised, we trust him to fulfill. We cleave to Jehovah; We want to do his will, And may our devotion to him grow deeper still.

(See also Deut. 4:4; 30:20; 2 Ki. 18:6; Ps. 89:14.)

52

Guard Your Heart
(Proverbs 4:23)

1. Oh, guard your heart, it means your life; Avoid the path of sin. God reads the heart, and there he finds The person deep within. Sometimes the heart is desperate And could begin to stray. So use your mind to guide your heart, And keep Jehovah's way. 2. Prepare your heart to search for God By means of earnest prayer. With constancy, give praise and thanks; Confide each need and care. The things Jehovah teaches us Are things we should obey. So cultivate a loyal heart, And please him ev'ry day. 3. Protect your heart from harmful thoughts; Consider what is true. Allow God's Word to reach your heart, To strengthen and renew. Jehovah loves his loyal ones; On this we can depend. So worship him wholeheartedly Forever as his friend.

(See also Ps. 34:1; Phil. 4:8; 1 Pet. 3:4.)

53

Working Together in Unity
(Ephesians 4:3)

1. God has brought us into his fold. We enjoy the things he foretold. Unity and peace we possess, Bringing such happiness. Unity we cherish; Harmony is sweet. In God's work there's much to be done. He directs us now through his Son. May we serve obediently, Working in harmony. 2. As we pray for oneness of mind And we all take care to be kind, Love will grow and praise will increase, Giving us joy and peace. Peace is so refreshing, Bringing such delight. As we show true brotherly love, God will grant us peace from above. With his help, united we'll be, Serving him endlessly.

(See also Mic. 2:12; Zeph. 3:9; 1 Cor. 1:10.)

54

We Must Have the Faith
(Hebrews 10:38, 39)

1. On many occasions God spoke to men By means of his prophets of old. Today he has said, ‘Let all men repent,' By God's own Son we are told.
(CHORUS)

Do we have the faith that is sure? We must build such faith to survive. Is our faith proved true by our works? This kind of faith preserves our souls alive. 2. We gladly obey Christ Jesus' command To share Kingdom truth far and wide. We carefully guard our freeness of speech; This truth we never will hide.
(Chorus)

3. Our faith is an anchor firm and secure; We never will shrink back in fear. Though enemies will against us arise, We know salvation is near.
(Chorus)

(See also Rom. 10:10; Eph. 3:12; Heb. 11:6; 1 John 5:4.)

55

Life Without End—At Last!
( John 3:16)

1. Can you see with your mind's eye, Peoples dwelling together? Sorrow has passed. Peace at last! Life without tears or pain.
(CHORUS)

Sing out with joy of heart! You too can have a part. Live for the day when you'll say, "Life without end, at last!" 2. In those days old will grow young, Flesh revived as in childhood. Troubles are gone, from now on, No need to weep or fear.
(Chorus)

3. Paradise all will enjoy As we sing of God's glory. Long as we live, we will give To God, our Maker, thanks.
(Chorus)

(See also Job 33:25; Ps. 72:7; Rev. 21:4.)

56

Please Hear My Prayer
(Psalm 54)

1. Heavenly Father, please hear my song. You are my God; to you I belong. Great is your name, beyond all compare.
(CHORUS)

Gracious Jehovah, please hear my prayer. 2. Thank you, Dear God, for granting this day, Giving me life, and showing the way. How I delight in your tender care.
(Chorus)

3. O how I long to do what is right! Help me, O Lord, to walk in the light. Give me the strength all burdens to bear.
(Chorus)

(See also Ex. 22:27; Ps. 106:4; Jas. 5:11.)

57

The Meditation of My Heart
(Psalm 19:14)

1. The meditation of my heart, The thoughts I ponder through the day— May they be pleasing to you, Lord, And keep me steadfast in your way. When worries weigh upon my mind And make me restless in the night, Then may I meditate on you And things I know to be upright. 2. Whatever things are chaste and true, Whatever virtue there may be, Whatever things well-spoken of— May thoughts of these bring peace to me. How precious are your thoughts, O God! Beyond all counting is their sum. So may I ponder your own words, Absorbed in them may I become.

(See also Ps. 49:3; 63:6; 139:17, 23; Phil. 4:7, 8; 1 Tim. 4:15.)

58

My Prayer of Dedication
(Matthew 22:37)

1. Take my heart and may it love Truth and wisdom from above. Take my mind, that I may serve Fully, Lord, without reserve. 2. Take my feet and take my hands; Let them serve your wise commands. Take my voice and let it sing Praises always to my King. 3. Take my life and bring it, Lord, With your will, in full accord. Take myself, may all I do Be well-pleasing, Lord, to you.

(See also Ps. 40:8; John 8:29; 2 Cor. 10:5.)

59

To God We Are Dedicated!
(Matthew 16:24)

1. To Christ, by our God, Jehovah, we have been drawn To be his disciples from now on. From Jehovah's lofty throne, Light of truth has brightly shone. In our hearts, our faith has grown; Ourselves we agree to disown.
(CHORUS)

To God we are dedicated; This is our choice. In him and in Jesus we now rejoice. 2. In prayer we have come before Jehovah to say We'll serve him forever and obey. It's a joy beyond compare, One that we most gladly share, As Jehovah's name we bear, And news of his Kingdom declare.
(Chorus)

(See also Ps. 43:3; 107:22; John 6:44.)

60

He Will Make You Strong
(1 Peter 5:10)

1. There was a reason why God brought the truth to you And called you from the darkness to the light. Within your heart, he saw the yearning you then had To search for him and practice what is right. You promised him in prayer to do his will; He helped you then, and he will help you still.
(CHORUS)

With Jesus' blood He bought you, to God you now belong. So he will make you fir m, and he will make you strong. He'll guide you and protect you, as he has all along. Yes, he will make you firm, and he will make you strong. 2. God gave his own beloved Son in your behalf; On this account, He wants you to succeed. If He did not withhold the gift of His dear Son, Then never doubt He'll give the strength you need. He won't forget the faith and love you've shown; He will not fail to care for all His own.
(Chorus)

(See also Rom. 8:32; 14:8, 9; Heb. 6:10; 1 Pet. 2:9.)

61

What Sort of Person I Should Be
(2 Peter 3:11)

1. How can I repay you, what gift can I give To thank you, Jehovah, for the life that I live? I look in my heart with your Word as my mirror; The person I see, may you help me see clearer. My life I have promised in service to you, But not from mere duty will I do what I do. Whole-souled and wholehearted I serve you by choice; May I be one more who makes you rejoice. 2. Help me to examine, and help me to see Just what sort of person you desire me to be. Those loyal to you, you will loyally treasure; May I be among those who bring your heart pleasure.

(See also Ps. 18:25; 116:12; 119:37; Prov. 11:20.)

62

To Whom Do We Belong?
(Romans 14:8)

1. To whom do you belong? Which god do you now obey? Your master is he to whom you bow. He is your god; you serve him now. You cannot serve two gods; Both masters can never share The love of your heart in its ev'ry part. To neither you would be fair. 2. To whom do you belong? Which god will you now obey? For one god is false and one is true, So make your choice; it's up to you. Shall Caesar of this world Possess your allegiance still? Or will you obey the true God today By always doing his will? 3. To whom do I belong? Jehovah I will obey. My Father in heaven I shall serve; I'll pay my vows without reserve. He bought me at great cost; Devoted to him I'll stay. The death of his Son my ransom has won; His name I'll honor each day.

(See also Josh. 24:15; Ps. 116:14, 18; 2 Tim. 2:19.)

63

Ever Loyal
(Psalm 18:25)

1. Ever loyal to Jehovah, Loyal love we wish to show. As a people, dedicated, His commands we want to know. His advice will never fail us, And his counsel we obey. He is loyal; we can trust him. From his side we'll never stray. 2. Ever loyal to our brothers, Sticking close in times of need. Ever caring, always trusting, Ever kind in word and deed. We show honor to our brothers And respect them from the heart. Let the Bible draw us closer; From their side we'll never part. 3. Ever loyal to their guidance When our brothers take the lead. When they give us clear direction, May our mind and heart give heed. Then the blessing from Jehovah Will be ours to make us strong. When we're loyal, ever faithful, To Jehovah we'll belong.

(See also Ps. 149:1; 1 Tim. 2:8; Heb. 13:17.)

64

Make the Truth Your Own
(Proverbs 3:1, 2)

1. The way of the truth is the best way of living, But no one can live your life for you. So heed the advice that Jehovah is giving; Believe what he tells you is true.
(CHORUS)

Make the truth your own. Make it live, yes, make it real. And then feel the joy Jehovah gives you When you make the truth your own. 2. The efforts you make and the time you are spending In service to God and his Kingdom Will yield rich results and a life that's unending, A life full of good things to come.
(Chorus)

3. Compared with our God, we are all little children And need his direction and counsel. So walk ev'ry day with our Father in heaven; Receive his rich blessing in full.
(Chorus)

(See also Ps. 26:3; Prov. 8:35; 15:31; John 8:31, 32.)

65

"This Is the Way"
(Isaiah 30:20, 21)

1. There is a way of peace, The way you've come to know. It is the way you learned, The way of long ago, The way that Jesus taught you When his voice you heard. This is the way of peace, Found in Jehovah's Word.
(CHORUS)

This is the Way to life; This is the Way. Don't look aside; Not for a moment stray! God's voice is calling: ‘This is the Way; Do not look back, for yes, This is the Way.' 2. There is a way of love, No need to look around. God's voice has shown the way He lets himself be found. His love is full and good; His love is warm and true. This is the way of love; It touches all we do.
(Chorus)

3. There is a way of life, No need to look behind. Our God has promised us: No better way we'll find, No higher way to peace, No finer way to love. This is the way to life, Thanks to our God above.
(Chorus)

(See also Ps. 32:8; 139:24; Prov. 6:23.)

66

Serving Jehovah Whole-Souled
(Matthew 22:37)

1. O Jehovah, Sov'reign Ruler, You are the one I love and obey. You deserve my full devotion; Your trust in me I shall not betray. Your commands I loyally follow; All you wish I gladly will do.
(CHORUS)

O Jehovah, you are worthy; Whole-souled devotion I give to you. 2. Father, all your works exalt you. Earth, moon, and stars your glory proclaim. I do give my life to serve you; With all my strength I'll make known your name. To my pledge of full dedication, I will ever strive to be true.
(Chorus)

(See also Deut. 6:15; Ps. 40:8; 113:1-3; Eccl. 5:4; John 4:34.)

67

Pray to Jehovah Each Day
(1 Thessalonians 5:17)

1. Pray to Jehovah, the Hearer of prayer. This is our priv'lege, for his name we bear. Open your heart as you would to a friend, Trust that on Him you can always depend. Pray to Jehovah each day. 2. Pray to Jehovah, give thanks that we live, Asking forgiveness as we do forgive. May we confess to our God whom we trust. He is our Maker and knows we are dust. Pray to Jehovah each day. 3. Pray to Jehovah when troubles appear. He is our Father and ever so near. Seek his protection, and look for his aid; Always be trusting and never afraid. Pray to Jehovah each day.

(See also Matt. 6:9-13; 26:41; Luke 18:1.)

68

A Prayer of the Lowly One
(Psalm 4:1)

1. Jehovah God, I call to you and ask you: "Hear my prayer." My wounds are deep and slow to heal; my load is hard to bear. Despondent thoughts and disappointed hopes have left me weak. O God of comfort, care for me; your favor I do seek.
(CHORUS)

Do raise me up; help me endure. When I'm in doubt, make my hope sure. From deep despair, I turn to you. Jehovah God, my strength renew. 2. Your Word has been my comfort and a refuge when I'm weak, Expressing feelings dear to me in words I cannot speak. Please build in me the faith and trust that your Word does impart. And help me always know your love is greater than my heart.
(Chorus)

(See also Ps. 42:6; 119:28; 2 Cor. 4:16; 1 John 3:20.)

69

Make Me Know Your Ways
(Psalm 25:4)

1. We're gathered together Jehovah, our God, Accepting your warm invitation. Your Word is a lamp that lights up our roadway, The source of divine education.
(CHORUS)

Teach me your ways, and make me understand; Incline my ear to hear your wise command. Cause me to walk in ways of truth and right, And make your law my principal delight. 2. Unreachably high is your wisdom, O God; Your judgments we find reassuring. Your Word is a source of unending wonder; Your sayings of truth are enduring.
(Chorus)

(See also Ex. 33:13; Ps. 1:2; 119:27, 35, 73, 105.)

70

"Make Sure of the More Important Things"
(Philippians 1:10)

1. How great our need today for discernment, To know the things that are true, To know which things have greater importance, To know which things we must do! Love what is good; Hate what is bad. Make God's heart glad; Find all the joy that it brings. Always pray; Study each day. Yes, may we do these important things. 2. And what could be of greater importance Than sharing Kingdom good news, To find our Father's lost little sheep, And to help them his way to choose? They need to hear; They need to know. Oh, may we show Love for our neighbors and help them to see, Help them get free! Preaching is such an important thing.

3. If we take care to do what's important, Our faith will make us secure. We'll know the peace beyond human thinking And keep our hope ever sure. True friends we'll find; True love we'll know. This love will grow. Oh, what rich blessings it brings when we learn, When we discern, And when we do the important things!

(See also Ps. 97:10; Matt. 22:37; John 21:15-17; Acts 10:42.)

71

God's Gift of Holy Spirit
(Luke 11:13)

1. Sov'reign, Jehovah, merciful Father, Greater you are than our sinful hearts. Lighten our burden, soften our anguish, Give us the comfort your spirit imparts. 2. Father, we all fall short of your glory; Times there have been when we've lost our way. God, we beseech you: Please may you grant us Your holy spirit to guide us each day. 3. When we are weary, weak, or discouraged, Your active force will our hearts renew. Give us the strength to mount up like eagles; May we receive holy spirit from you.

(See also Ps. 51:11; John 14:26; Acts 9:31.)

72

Cultivating the Quality of Love
(1 Corinthians 13:1-8)

1. We humbly bow to our God in prayer, That all his qualities we may share. But most important of all those things Is love, which having his spirit brings. We may be talented, wise, or bold, But we are nothing if love grows cold. So may we cultivate lasting love; Then we'll endure and please God above. 2. It's not enough to use just the mind, As we keep teaching the sheep we find. We need to love them in word and deed, While helping them on His Word to feed. Love helps us patiently suffer wrong, Bears heavy loads when it's really strong. And so remember in each travail, Love bears all things; it will never fail.

(See also John 21:17; 1 Cor. 13:13; Gal. 6:2.)

73

Love Intensely From the Heart
(1 Peter 1:22)

1. Love must come from deep in our hearts, There is the place affection starts; Real fellow feeling it imparts For all our brothers dear. We will find the way to express Loving intentions we possess, Practicing God's large heartedness, Proving our love sincere. Let us love in word and deed, Being generous to those in need, Letting goodness take the lead With each opportunity. Honor and respect we display; Kindly concern will be our way. Our brothers' faults we won't betray. Ever loyal we will be, Guarding precious unity. 2. When our love is pure and intense, We will be slow to take offense; Reason we have for confidence In all our brothers true. Loyal friendships, we cultivate; Each other we appreciate. Pleasurably we congregate, Gaining our strength anew.

Day by day we all transgress; Thoughtless words can often cause distress. So we must show tenderness To those whom our God does love. True companions we'll ever be, Strengthening bonds with constancy. Let love be your identity. Magnifying God above, Imitate Jehovah's love.

(See also 1 Pet. 2:17; 3:8; 4:8; 1 John 3:11.)

74

The Joy of Jehovah
(Nehemiah 8:10)

1. Signs of the times are heralding the Kingdom. Good news we tell for all to hear. Lift up your heads, and look to your salvation; Time for deliverance is near!
(CHORUS)

The joy of Jehovah is our stronghold. Sing loud, and raise a joyful cry. Rejoice in the hope, and show a grateful heart, All give praise and laud our God on high. The joy of Jehovah is our stronghold. His name all men must come to know. With constant devotion to our God and King, Godly joy in service we will show.

2. Look to our God, you lovers of Jehovah. No need to fear, for he is strong. Stand up and shout with voices loud as thunder; Sing to our God a joyous song!
(Chorus)

(See also 1 Chron. 16:27; Ps. 112:4; Luke 21:28; John 8:32.)

75

Our Reasons for Joy
(Matthew 5:12)

1. Our reasons for joy are abundant, Like riches increasing in worth. Desirable things of all nations Are joining us in all the earth. The joy in our heart is well-founded, With roots reaching deep in God's Word. We daily partake of its teachings; Faith follows the things we have heard. Our causes for joy are deep-seated, Like embers that burn in our hearts. Though troubles and trials beset us, Endurance Jehovah imparts.
(CHORUS)

Jehovah our God is our joy, The work of his hands our delight. How deep are his thoughts, how great are his works, Abounding in goodness and might!

2. We gladly behold his productions, The heavens, the sea, and the land. We gaze at the book of creation, Applauding the work of his hand. Triumphantly we now bear witness, Proclaiming the Kingdom of God. The news of its birth and its blessings, We joyously spread all abroad. Eternal rejoicing approaches, Like daylight that follows the night. The promised new earth and new heavens Will bring everlasting delight.
(Chorus)

(See also Deut. 16:15; Isa. 12:6; John 15:11.)

76

Jehovah, God of Peace
(Philippians 4:9)

1. Jehovah, God of peace, God of love that will not cease. Grant us peaceful, calm conditions, That good fruitage may increase. Your counsel we have sought; With your Son our lives were bought. May you grant us now your own peace That excels all human thought. 2. This world seeks peace in vain. They have sown and reaped much pain. But upon your favored people, Peace descends like gentle rain. As we discern your will And our vows to you fulfill, May you please now bless our efforts And more peace in us instill.

3. Your spirit aids our sight As your Word gives needed light. We are guided and protected In a world as dark as night. May peace just like the dew Calm our thoughts, refresh us too, That our hearts and mental powers Might be safe by means of you.

(See also Ps. 4:8; Phil. 4:6, 7; 1 Thess. 5:23.)

77

Be Forgiving
(Psalm 86:5)

1. Lovingly Jehovah Made provision through his Son For our sins to be forgiven And for death to be undone. If we truly are repentant, His forgiveness we can claim On the basis of Christ's ransom, Asking pardon in his name. 2. We receive such mercy When we act like God above And forgive each other freely, Showing empathy and love. Putting up with one another, Putting hurtfulness away; Showing honor to our brother, Showing love's surpassing way. 3. Mercy is a virtue That we all should cultivate. It will keep us from resentment, From the bitterness of hate. When we imitate Jehovah, Who is unsurpassed in love, We will truly be forgiving; We will be like God above.

(See also Matt. 6:12; Eph. 4:32; Col. 3:13.)

78

Long-Suffering
(Galatians 5:22)

1. Our Sov'reign Lord, Jehovah, Is zealous for his holy name. He fervently desires To clear it from unrighteous blame. Through many generations, Great endurance he has shown; Long-suffering and patient, Not weary has he grown. His will is that salvation All sorts of people might attain. Long-suffering forbearance By God shall not have been in vain. 2. Long-suffering is needed To keep us on our godly path. It lets our heart be tranquil, Protects us from unrighteous wrath. It finds the good in others, Always hoping for the best. It lets us keep our balance In times when we're distressed. Along with other virtues That holy spirit can bestow, Long-suffering will help us To imitate the God we know.

(See also Ex. 34:14; Isa. 40:28; 1 Cor. 13:4, 7; 1 Tim. 2:4.)

79

The Power of Kindness
(Ephesians 4:32)

1. We're grateful to know Jehovah, our God, For in his Word we find: Although he is great in wisdom and might, Jehovah is loving and kind. 2. Christ Jesus invites the weary at heart To leave their cares behind. How kindly his yoke, how light is his load, For he is refreshing and kind. 3. We see in our God and Jesus our Lord, The persons we should be. In all that we do, we want to reflect Their kindness and true empathy.

(See also Mic. 6:8; Matt. 11:28-30; Col. 3:12; 1 Pet. 2:3.)

80

The Quality of Goodness
(Psalm 119:66)

1. Knowing goodness from Jehovah Is a joy through all our days. As our Father in the heavens, He is good in all his ways. Showing favor, granting mercy, Far beyond what we deserve; He is worthy of our worship And the One we gladly serve. 2. In his likeness he has made us So that we might cultivate All the virtues he possesses And his goodness imitate. May we grow in godly goodness, In his virtues may we share. Let us pray for holy spirit, That its fruitage we might bear. 3. Those to whom we are related In the faith—our brotherhood— We will show them special favor, But to all may we do good. As we share the Kingdom good news And our hope with all we meet, May we always be impartial; May our goodness be complete.

(See also Ps. 103:10; Mark 10:18; Gal. 5:22; Eph. 5:9.)

81

"Give Us More Faith"
(Luke 17:5)

1. Because we are imperfect, O Jehovah, The inclination of our heart is flawed. There is a sin that easily ensnares us— A lack of faith in you, the living God.
(CHORUS)

Give us more faith, we beg of you, Jehovah. Please help us out according to our need. Give us more faith, according to your mercy, That we may honor you in word and deed. 2. Apart from faith, no one can fully please you. We must believe our faith will be repaid. And as a shield, our faith provides a refuge. We face the future firm and unafraid.
(Chorus)

(See also Gen. 8:21; Heb. 11:6; 12:1.)

82

Imitate Christ's Mildness
(Matthew 11:28-30)

1. The greatest of men was our Lord Jesus Christ; By pride or ambition he was not enticed. God's purpose gave him the most prominent part; Yet, always he proved himself lowly in heart. 2. All you who are toiling with burdensome cares, He bids you come under the yoke that he bears. Refreshment you'll find as the Kingdom you seek. Our Lord is mild-tempered; he favors the meek. 3. ‘All you are just brothers,' our Lord Jesus said. So never seek greatness; serve others instead. The mild and the meek to our God have great worth; He promises they will inherit the earth.

(See also Matt. 5:5; 23:8; Prov. 3:34; Rom. 12:16.)

83

We Need Self-Control
(Romans 7:14-25)

1. We love Jehovah with heart, mind, and soul; But since we are sinful, we need self-control. Minding the flesh brings trouble and strife. Minding the spirit means peace and life. 2. Satan's temptations confront us each day, And sin's law within us can lead us astray. Power of truth is greater than sin. Thanks to Jehovah, our minds can win. 3. Each word and action reflects on God's name, So we must endeavor to keep free from blame. In all we do, we make this our goal: Always maintaining our self-control.

(See also 1 Cor. 9:25; Gal. 5:23; 2 Pet. 1:6.)

84

"I Want To"
(Luke 5:13)

1. Oh, what love God's Son for us showed When he left his Father's abode That with men he might live, God's truth he could give; This truth from his lips ever flowed. Greatly he did comfort mankind, Healed those who were sick, lame, and blind. To his royal commission he proved true And lovingly said: "I want to." 2. Oh, what help Jehovah God gave When he sent the faithful wise slave, With whom we serve with joy, Our powers employ, That meek ones we might help to save. Those in need can easily tell When we love them ever so well. So if widows and orphans should ask you, Then readily say: "I want to."

(See also John 18:37; Eph. 3:19; Phil. 2:7.)

85

A Full Reward From Jehovah
(Matthew 19:29)

1. Jehovah is faithful and fully aware Of all those who serve him whole-souled. He knows there are times their devotion and zeal Result in their loss as foretold. If you have left houses or fam'ly or friends, Be sure that our God knows the sum. He makes it up now with our dear brotherhood And life in the new world to come.
(CHORUS)

May Jehovah, the God of comfort, see; May he provide a full reward for you. May you find refuge beneath his wings. Jehovah is faithful; Jehovah is true. 2. It may be by choice or by their lot in life; There are some who single remain. By seeking the Kingdom of God to the full, In godly devotion they gain. By making the room for their unwedded state, At times they are lonely, we know. As brothers and sisters to these faithful ones, Support and approval we show.
(Chorus)

(See also Judg. 11:38-40; Ruth 2:12; Matt. 19:12.)

86 Faithful Women, Christian Sisters
(Romans 16:2)
1. Sarah and Esther, Mary, Ruth, and others— All these were capable women, loyal wives. Godly devotion was foremost in their lives. They were faithful women, ones we know by name. There were others favored by Jehovah, Nameless in the record, their faith was just the same. 2. Loyalty, courage, goodness, loving-kindness, Lovable qualities in all humankind, Virtues these excellent women bring to mind. They were fine examples all can imitate. Christian sisters, walking in their footsteps, Worthy is your service and happy your estate. 3. Mothers and daughters, sisters, wives, and widows, Willingly laboring, glad to do your part. Modest your bearing, submissive is your heart, Having God's approval, may you never fear. Christian sisters, may Jehovah keep you Firm in your conviction, your prize is drawing near.

(See also Phil. 4:3; 1 Tim. 2:9, 10; 1 Pet. 3:4, 5.)

87

Now We Are One
(Genesis 2:23, 24)

1. This is at last bone of my bone, Flesh of my flesh; now I'm not alone. God has provided a partner, Someone to call my own. Now we are one; now we can be All that Jehovah made us to be. As man and woman together, We are a family. Ev'ry day we'll serve our God above. As he shows the way, Unfailing love we'll display. As we have vowed, so may it be. Seasons of joy, may we come to see. Oh, may we honor Jehovah, And may you always be my love.

(See also Gen. 29:18; Eccl. 4:9, 10; 1 Cor. 13:8.)

88

Children Are a Trust From God
(Psalm 127:3-5)

1. When a man becomes a father And a woman has a child of her own, They share a trust, they must remember, That is not theirs, not theirs alone. The gift they share is from Jehovah; Of life and love he is the one true Source. To parents he gives sure direction That they may follow the wisest course.
(CHORUS)

A sacred trust you have been given; A precious life is in your hands. You can bestow the greatest favor; Instruct your child in God's commands. 2. All the words God has commanded— They must always prove to be on your heart. These words you'll speak to sons and daughters; This is your trust, this is your part. To them you'll speak along your roadway, When you rise up and when you are at rest. In years to come, may they remember, May they be faithful, may they be blessed.
(Chorus)

(See also Deut. 6:6, 7; Eph. 6:4; 1 Tim. 4:16.)

89

Jehovah's Warm Appeal: "Be Wise, My Son"
(Proverbs 27:11)

1. Young man and young woman, do give your heart to me. My foe who now taunts me will then be made to see. Your youth and devotion to me you freely give; You show all the world that for me you really live.
(CHORUS)

Beloved son and precious daughter, Be wise and make my heart rejoice. That out of your own heart you serve me, And furnish praise by your own choice. 2. Rejoice and take pleasure in giving me your all, And though you may stumble, I'll raise you if you fall. No matter who fails you or proves to be untrue, Take comfort in knowing I'll always cherish you.
(Chorus)

(See also Deut. 6:5; Eccl. 11:9; Isa. 41:13.)

90

Beauty in Gray-Headedness
(Proverbs 16:31)

1. Here with us are aged ones, Those whose youth has passed. Here among us they endure; Still they're holding fast. Loss of strength besets them all; Loss of mates for some. Father, please confirm their faith In the life to come.
(CHORUS)

Father, you remember How in faith they've run. Give them your assurance; May they hear, "Well done!" 2. Comely is gray-headedness Found in ways of right. Beautiful are faithful ones In Jehovah's sight. May we always recognize They were once young too. Loyally they gave their best When their strength was new.
(Chorus)

(See also Matt. 25:21, 23; Ps. 71:9, 18; Prov. 20:29; Luke 22:28; 1 Tim. 5:1.)

91

My Father, My God and Friend
(Hebrews 6:10)

1. Life in this world can be hard. Life in this world can bring tears and pain. Still ev'ry day I will say, "My life is not in vain."
(CHORUS)

For God is not unrighteous, And he remembers the love I've shown. So he is ever near me; With Jehovah, I'm not alone. Yes, God is my provider and my protector down to the end. Yes, Jehovah is my Father, My God and Friend. 2. Gone are the days of my youth; Days of calamity now are here. Still through the eyes of my faith, My hope is bright and clear.
(Chorus)

(See also Ps. 71:17, 18.)

92

"Preach the Word"
(2 Timothy 4:2)

1. God has commanded us this day; He has given us a charge to obey. At all times, be ready to impart The reason for the hope within your heart.
(CHORUS)

So preach the Word, Oh, how vital that all hear! Preach the Word, As this system's end draws near. Preach the Word, Help the meek to understand. Preach the Word, Throughout the land! 2. Seasons of trouble we will face; Opposition may bring shame and disgrace. Though preaching may out of season seem, Our trust is in our God, who is supreme.
(Chorus)

3. Seasons of favor we will see, And the need for us to teach, there will be. The way to salvation we proclaim And help to sanctify Jehovah's name.
(Chorus)

(See also Matt. 10:7; 24:14; Acts 10:42; 1 Pet. 3:15.)

93

"Let Your Light Shine"
(Matthew 5:16)

1. Jesus has commanded That we shine our light, Like the sun, impartial, That all might gain sight. Through God's Holy Scriptures, Words of wisdom shine. May we now reflect his light By our deeds so fine. 2. With God's Kingdom message Light on hearts is shed, Comfort brought to mourners, Hope for those now dead. Light from Scripture guides us As we do His will; Gracious words, well-seasoned too, Make it brighter still. 3. Light from fine works gleaming, Brightens up this world, To our words adds luster, Like a priceless pearl. May our light keep shining As we do what's right, Then our works will always be Pleasing in God's sight.

(See also Ps. 119:130; Matt. 5:14, 15, 45; Col. 4:6.)

94

Content With God's Good Gifts
( James 1:17)

1. All perfect presents, each good gift, The things we're fondest of, The truly worthy things in life, Come down from God above. With him there is no wavering, No change, however slight. Jehovah is our Grand Provider, The Source of life and light. 2. We have no cause for anxious care Concerning daily needs; We know the loving care by him Who birds of heaven feeds. We give no place to worthless things, No years to hurtful strife. But satisfied with God's provisions, We lead a simple life. 3. The lofty things in human eyes, To God are merely vain. Let's use the days we're granted now For things of lasting gain. The riches that we store with God Are safe, though we may die. We prize the gift of true contentment And keep a simple eye.

(See also Jer. 45:5; Matt. 6:25-34; 1 Tim. 6:8; Heb. 13:5.)

95 "Taste and See That Jehovah Is Good"
(Psalm 34:8)
1. Our service to God we cherish; We value our priv'lege to preach. We buy out the time and give God our best, For many we still need to reach.
(CHORUS)

God's Word invites us: ‘Come taste and see— See that Jehovah is good.' Godly devotion brings greatest gain, We know we've done all we could. 2. For those in the full-time service, Rich blessings and treasures abound. By trusting in God to care for their needs, In all things contentment is found.
(Chorus)

(See also Mark 14:8; Luke 21:2; 1 Tim. 1:12; 6:6.)

96

Seek Out Deserving Ones
(Matthew 10:11-15)

1. In preaching the Kingdom, our Lord showed the way, Instructing us how to proceed: ‘Wherever you go, seek in earnest to find Those aware of their spiritual need. By greeting the household and wishing it peace, To deserving ones peace you'll impart. If others should spurn you or turn you away, Shake the dust from your feet and depart.' 2. All those who receive you receive him as well. Their heart God will open up wide. Their right disposition for unending life Will impel them to serve at your side. And never be anxious about what to say, For Jehovah will help you to speak. Your answer when gracious and seasoned with salt Will appeal to the humble and meek.

(See also Acts 13:48; 16:14; Col. 4:6.)

97

Forward, You Ministers of the Kingdom!
(2 Timothy 4:5)

1. Go forward in preaching the Kingdom To people in ev'ry land. With love in your hearts for your neighbor, Help meek ones to take their stand. Our service to God is a priv'lege; His word we are glad to proclaim. Go out in the field and keep preaching; Give witness to God's holy name.
(CHORUS)

Forward, boldly preach the Kingdom message ever far and wide. Forward, faithful, loyally remaining on Jehovah's side. 2. True ministers keep pressing forward With God's prize of life in view. We follow the steps of our Master With hearts that have been made new. The good news of God's coming Kingdom Is something that all need to hear. We preach in the strength of Jehovah; With him there is nothing to fear!
(Chorus)

3. Together we press ever forward, God's remnant and other sheep. The old and the young men and women In step with the truth do keep. Our service we hold to be sacred; Our worship is never routine. To God may we prove ever worthy By conduct that's holy and clean.
(Chorus)

(See also Ps. 23:4; Acts 4:29, 31; 1 Pet. 2:21.)

98

Sowing Kingdom Seed
(Matthew 13:4-8)

1. Oh, come all you slaves of Jehovah, Who've given your heart and your soul. Come out to the work of our Master, And learn from his steps and his role. The seed of the truth, you sow without fear On hearts that are able to yield Fine fruit to God's praise as you faithfully work, And you do your full share in the field. 2. Some seed that you sow will be scattered On hearts as resistant as stone. Though these may respond for a season, The want of their hearts will be known. When thorns choke the word, then greed fills their hearts; The things of the world they prefer. Yet, some seed may prosper; you will see results From the ground that is good, fine, and pure. 3. How much of your work is successful May often depend much on you. With patience and love for your neighbors, Their hearts may be opened anew. By being alert you'll ward off their fears, With measures some gentle some bold. And thus with rejoicing you can hope to reap At least thirty if not hundredfold.
(See also Matt. 13:19-23; 22:37.)

99

Praising Earth's New King
(Revelation 7:9)

1. A multitude is gathering from ev'ry tribe and nation, Collected by the Christ and his anointed congregation. God's Kingdom has been brought to birth; His will shall soon be done on earth. This hope is a gift of priceless worth, giving joy and consolation.
(CHORUS)

Praise our God, Jehovah; Praise his Son, Christ Jesus, Who through the ransom have set us free. Now we have the hope to live on the earth And serve God eternally. 2. We hail the Christ, our reigning King, with sounds of jubilation. This Prince of Peace shall do God's will and bring about salvation. We see the joys that lie ahead: An earth released from fear and dread, The grand resurrection of the dead. What a time for exultation!
(Chorus)

(See also Ps. 2:6; 45:1; Isa. 9:6; John 6:40.)

100

We Are Jehovah's Army!
( Joel 2:7)

1. We are Jehovah's army, Freed from Satan's chains, Preaching about God's Kingdom, In which Jesus now reigns. As we press on faithfully, Each a volunteer, We remain determined With no hint of fear.
(CHORUS)

We are Jehovah's army; With his Christ we're one, Joyfully proclaiming, "God's rule has begun." 2. We are Jehovah's servants, Searching for his sheep, Those who are lost and lonely, Those who sigh and who weep. These we try to find and feed With repeated calls; These we keep inviting To our Kingdom Halls.
(Chorus)

3. This is Jehovah's army Under Christ's command, Fully equipped for battle, Each one firmly will stand. Cautious though we need to be, Upright we remain. In the face of danger, Truth we will maintain.
(Chorus)

(See also Eph. 6:11, 14; Phil. 1:7; Philem. 2.)

101

Making Known the Kingdom Truth
(Acts 20:20, 21)

1. There was a time we did not know The way a Christian ought to go. Then Jehovah sent the light, His Kingdom truth so clear and bright. Our Father's will we then could see To serve the grand Theocracy, To declare Jehovah's fame, And help to glorify his holy name. We witness now to all we meet, From door to door and on the street. We take the time to help them see; We teach the truth that sets men free. And as we strive in ev'ry land Jehovah's worship to expand, May we serve our God as one Until Jehovah says the work is done.

(See also Josh. 9:9; Isa. 24:15; John 8:12, 32.)

102

Join in the Kingdom Song!
(Psalm 98:1)

1. This is a song, a happy song of vict'ry; It magnifies the One who is supreme. The words give hope and prompt all to be loyal. Come sing with us; enjoy its Kingdom theme:
(CHORUS)

‘Come worship God Before His throne. His Son is King; Let's make it known! Come learn this song, this song about the Kingdom; Bow down to God, and praise His holy name.' 2. With this new song, we advertise the Kingdom. Christ Jesus rules; the earth is his domain. And as foretold, there is a newborn nation: The Kingdom heirs, who welcome Jesus' reign:
(Chorus)

3. This Kingdom song, all humble ones can master. The words are clear, their message warm and bright. In all the earth, vast multitudes have learned it, And they in turn still others now invite:
(Chorus)

(See also Ps. 95:6; 1 Pet. 2:9, 10; Rev. 12:10.)

103

"From House to House"
(Acts 20:20)

1. From house to house, from door to door, Jehovah's word we spread. From town to town, from farm to farm, Jehovah's sheep are fed. This good news that God's Kingdom rules, As Jesus Christ foretold, Is being preached throughout the earth By Christians young and old. 2. From house to house, from door to door, Salvation we proclaim. It comes to those who choose to call Upon Jehovah's name. But how can they call on the name Of One they do not know? So to their houses and their doors, The sacred name must go. 3. So let us go from door to door To spread the Kingdom news. And whether it's embraced or not, We'll let the people choose. At least we'll name Jehovah's name, His glorious truth declare. And as we go from door to door, We'll find his sheep are there.

(See also Acts 2:21; Rom. 10:14.)

104

Praise Jah With Me
(Psalm 146:2)

1. Praise Jah with me; Loud let it ring! He gives us life, breath, and ev'ry good thing. Each day and night, His name we bless. His perfect love clothes His almightiness. We sing his praise, and his name we confess. 2. Praise Jah with me. He satisfies And hears our prayers as our needs he supplies. His mighty arm Strengthens the weak; His holy spirit sustains all the meek. His name we praise; Of his power we speak. 3. Praise Jah with me. Our God is just; He brings all comfort, in him we can trust. Wrongs he will right; Hearts he will heal. Rich Kingdom blessings all mankind will feel. Come let us praise him with joy and with zeal!

(See also Ps. 94:18, 19; 145:21; 147:1; 150:2.)

105 The Heavens Declare God's Glory
(Psalm 19)
1. The heavens tell the glory of Jehovah. The work of his own hand in skies above we see. And each new day brings to him rightful praise. The starlit night proclaims his might And his true majesty. 2. Jehovah's law is perfect, life-restoring, And his reminders guide the steps of old and young. His rulings prove to be true, right, and just. His word is sure, his law so pure, So sweet upon the tongue. 3. The fear of God is pure and stands forever. The worth of his commands exceeds the finest gold. His orders lead and preserve all his own. His honor, fame, and holy name, We loyally uphold.

(See also Ps. 111:9; 145:5; Rev. 4:11.)

106

Gaining Jehovah's Friendship
(Psalm 15)

1. Who is your friend, O God? Who in your tent may dwell? Who gains your friendship? Who gains your trust? Who really knows you well? All who embrace your Word, All who have faith in you, All who are loyal, all who are just, Living the truth for you. 2. Who is your friend, O God? Who may approach your throne? Who brings delight and Makes you rejoice? Whose name to you is known? All who exalt your name, All who your Word obey, All who are faithful, honest in heart, Truthful in all they say. 3. Rolling our cares on you, Baring our hearts in prayer, Drawing us closer, bonding in love, Feeling your daily care, We yearn to be your friend. Long may our friendship grow. No greater Friend could we ever gain, No greater Friend we'll know.

(See also Ps. 139:1; 1 Pet. 5:6, 7.)

107

Come to Jehovah's Mountain
(Isaiah 2:2-4)

1. Raise your eyes and behold, Far above the highest hill. There stands Jehovah's mountain Lifted up in this day. People come from afar, Ev'rywhere from sea to sea, Calling to one another, ‘Come serve God and obey.' Now the time has arrived For the small, a great nation to be. As we grow and we thrive, God's direction and blessing we see. Millions now come to God And accept his sov'reignty. Loyal they vow to be And from his side never stray.

2. Jesus gave the command To go forth and preach the word. Good news about the Kingdom Reaches all men today. Christ now rules from on high, Urging all to take his side. Meek ones who hear his voice Let God's Word show them the way. What a joy to behold How a great crowd continues to grow! Yes, we all have a share, Helping others Jehovah to know. Let us lift up the voice, Calling out for all to hear, ‘Come to Jehovah's mountain, Here forever to stay.'

(See also Ps. 43:3; 99:9; Isa. 60:22; Acts 16:5.)

108 Praise Jehovah for His Kingdom
(Revelation 21:2)
1. Jehovah anointed his Son To rule over ev'ryone. His throne is established on justice, That God's will on earth may be done.
(CHORUS)

Praise Jah for his holy Anointed. Hail Jesus, O you faithful sheep, Who loyally follow day after day and all his commandments keep. Praise Jah for his holy Anointed, the Ruler of heavenly fame, Anointed with exultation and might to honor God's holy name. 2. Christ's brothers are chosen and called. God gives them their own new birth. This bride class will share in the Kingdom And bring Paradise to this earth.
(Chorus)

(See also Prov. 29:4; Isa. 66:7, 8; John 10:4; Rev. 5:9, 10.)

109

Hail Jehovah's Firstborn!
(Hebrews 1:6)

1. Hail Jehovah's Firstborn, God's duly appointed King. He reigns for truth and justice; Rich blessings his rule will bring. With dignity and splendor And love for God's great name, He'll vindicate Jehovah, His sov'reignty proclaim.
(CHORUS)

Hail Jehovah's Firstborn! All praise God's anointed Son. Installed upon Mount Zion, His Kingship has now begun! 2. Hail Jehovah's Firstborn, Who died so that we may live. He humbly paid the ransom; Our sins God can now forgive. The bride of Christ awaits him, Adorned for him in white. This marriage in the heavens Will prove God's rule is right.
(Chorus)

(See also Ps. 2:6; 45:3, 4; Rev. 19:8.)

110

God's Wondrous Works
(Psalm 139)

1. O God, you know my rest and waking, When I lie down and when I rise anew. You search my thought, my inmost inclination, The words I speak, the ways I walk, you know them too. You saw when I was made in secret, My very bones not hidden from your sight. You saw my form; its parts were down in writing. I praise the wonder of your ways, extol your might. Your knowledge, God, is wondrous, fear-inspiring; Of this my soul is very well aware. If I should fear that darkness might enfold me, Your spirit, God, would find me, even there. Where could I hide from you, Jehovah, Or be concealed, be hidden from your face? Not in the heights nor in the depth of Sheol, Not in the dark nor in the sea, there is no place.

(See also Ps. 66:3; 94:19; Jer. 17:10.)

111

He Will Call
( Job 14:13-15)

1. Life, like a mist, appears for just a day, Then disappears tomorrow. All that we are can quickly fade away, Replaced with tears and sorrow. If a man should die, can he live again? Hear the promise God has made:
(CHORUS)

He will call; The dead will answer. They shall live at his command. For he will have a longing For the work of his own hand. So have faith, and do not wonder, For our God can make us stand. And we shall live forever, As the work of his own hand. 2. Friends of our God, though they may pass away, Will never be forsaken. All those asleep who in God's mem'ry stay, From death he will awaken. Then we'll come to see all that life can be: Paradise eternally.
(Chorus)

(See also John 6:40; 11:11, 43; Jas. 4:14.)

112

Great God, Jehovah
(Exodus 34:6, 7)

1. Great God, Jehovah, you are deserving, Worthy of the highest praise, Good and just in all your ways. Your throne is founded firmly on justice; You are God to endless days. 2. Pardoning error, sin, and transgression, Merciful to those like you, Those who practice mercy too. Your kingly justice, your loving-kindness, You have shown in all you do. 3. Let men and angels join in your praises; Let your name be sanctified, Never more to be denied. Soon may your Kingdom, ruling in heaven, Make your will be done earth wide.

(See also Deut. 32:4; Prov. 16:12; Matt. 6:10; Rev. 4:11.)

113

Grateful for God's Word
(Philippians 2:16)

1. Jehovah, our Father, we want to express How grateful we are that your Word we possess! Its writers you inspired to tell your very thought. By Scripture we're guided; by you we are taught. 2. Endowed are its pages with human appeal. Your prophets were like us; they felt what we feel. We gather faith and courage by learning of their lives. Our heart it refreshes; our soul it revives. 3. Your word has such power to reach deep inside, Yes, even the spirit and soul to divide. It searches our intentions and motives of our hearts. It offers correction and wisdom imparts.

(See also Ps. 119:16, 162; 2 Tim. 3:16; Jas. 5:17; 2 Pet. 1:21.)

114

God's Own Book—A Treasure
(Proverbs 2:1)

1. There is a book that by its many pages, Brings peace and joy and hope to humankind. Its wondrous thoughts are charged with such great power; It brings life to the "dead," sight to the "blind." That precious book is God's own Holy Bible. Its words were penned by men whom God inspired, By men who truly loved their God Jehovah, And by his holy spirit they were fired. 2. They wrote a record true of God's creations, How by his might this universe appeared. They also told how man at first was sinless But how his Paradise then disappeared. They further told about a certain angel Who challenged God and spurned his sov'reignty. That challenge led to sin and man's great sorrow, But soon will come Jehovah's victory.

3. Today we live in times of joy unbounded. God's Kingdom now is here with Christ as Lord. This is the day Jehovah grants salvation To all who come to him in full accord. Within his book are found these cheerful tidings; A sacred banquet feast on which to feed. It offers peace beyond all human thinking; This Living Treasure beckons all to read.

(See also 2 Tim. 3:16; 2 Pet. 1:21.)

115

Making Our Way Successful
( Joshua 1:8)

1. We delight in Jehovah's Word. May we read it each day. Sound each thought in an undertone; Meditate and obey. May it guide ev'ry step we take, Ev'ry thought we express.
(CHORUS)

Read and meditate, then obey. This Jehovah will bless. Walk with him each and ev'ry day. Find the way to success. 2. When the kings ruled in Israel, They received this command: ‘Ev'ry king for himself must write God's Law in his own hand. He must read in it all his days, That he may not transgress.'
(Chorus)

3. As we feed on God's Word each day, Hope and comfort we find. Calm descends on our troubled hearts; Faith in Him is refined. When we truly embrace his Word, We mature and progress.
(Chorus)
(See also Deut. 17:18; 1 Ki. 2:3, 4; Ps. 119:1; Jer. 7:23.)

116

The Light Gets Brighter
(Proverbs 4:18)

1. The prophets of old sought to learn of the Christ, The hope of all groaning creation. God's spirit revealed that Messiah would come, Providing the means of salvation. The time has arrived, the Messiah now reigns, The proof of his presence is clear. How great is the favor of learning such things; Into these even angels would peer!
(CHORUS)

Our path now becomes ever brighter; We walk in the full light of day. Behold what our God is revealing; He guides us each step of the way. 2. Our Lord has appointed a trustworthy slave, Through whom He gives food in due season. The light of the truth has grown brighter with time, Appealing to heart and to reason. Our path ever clearer, our steps ever firm, We walk in the brightness of day. All thanks to Jehovah, the Source of all truth, We most gratefully walk in his way.
(Chorus)

(See also Rom. 8:22; 1 Cor. 2:10; 1 Pet. 1:12.)

117

We Must Be Taught
(Isaiah 50:4; 54:13)

1. Come with rejoicing, and learn about Jehovah. "Come drink life's water," the spirit has said. Healthful instruction, God has provided. All those who hunger for truth will be fed. 2. Never forsaking our gathering together, We must be taught; we must learn what is right. Here with God's spirit, here with our brothers, Here we are strengthened to walk in the light. 3. Lips that sing praise, how encouraging to hear them! Tongues of the taught ones, how sweet is their sound! Oh, may we always meet with God's people! Oh, may we always among them be found!

(See also Heb. 10:24, 25; Rev. 22:17.)

118

Welcome One Another
(Romans 15:7)

1. Welcome to all who gather here this day To hear God's Word and to learn his way. Life-giving truth he offers to us all; With thankfulness of heart, we respond to his call. 2. Thanks to our God for brothers such as these, Who welcome us and who seek to please. May we keep holding men of that sort dear, And now we welcome others who meet with us here. 3. God's invitation reaches all mankind, That all sincere ones the truth may find. God by his Son has drawn us to His side. So welcome one another with hearts opened wide.

(See also John 6:44; Phil. 2:29; Rev. 22:17.)

119

Come! Be Refreshed
(Hebrews 10:24, 25)

1. We live in a world that is wayward and lost; The way of our God is not known. We need sure direction to safeguard our steps; We cannot succeed on our own. Our meetings refresh us and brighten our hope; They help us build faith in our God. They move us with words that incite to fine deeds, They give us the strength to go on. We'll never forsake what Jehovah commands; His will is what we want to do. Our meetings instruct us in ways that are right; Our love for the truth they renew.

2. Jehovah is keenly aware of our needs; His counsel by us should be heard. To buy out the time for occasions to meet Shows wisdom and trust in his Word. By wholesome instruction from God-fearing men, We learn how our faith can be shown. With loving support from our fam'ly of faith, We know that we're never alone. So as we look forward to much better times, We'll meet with the ones whom we love. And here at these meetings we'll learn how to live With wisdom that comes from above.

(See also Ps. 37:18; 140:1; Prov. 18:1; Eph. 5:16; Jas. 3:17.)

120

Listen, Obey, and Be Blessed
(Luke 11:28)

1. If we have listened to Christ, will we show it? His teaching shines as it shows us the way. It makes us happy to hear and to know it, But we'll be blessed if we know and obey.
(CHORUS)

Listen, obey, and be blessed When you hear God's will expressed. If you'd be happy and enter his rest, Listen, obey, and be blessed. 2. Our way of life, like a house, gives protection When it is built on the rock, not on sand. If we apply Jesus' loving direction, We'll build a life which on bedrock will stand.
(Chorus)

3. Just as a tree rooted deep by the waters Gives of its fruit when each season arrives, If we obey as God's own sons and daughters, We'll all be blessed and enjoy endless lives.
(Chorus)

(See also Deut. 28:2; Ps. 1:3; Prov. 10:22; Matt. 7:24-27.)

121

Encourage One Another
(Hebrews 10:24, 25)

1. As we encourage one another To serve Jehovah faithfully, We find the bonds of love are strengthened; Fine works bring peace and unity. The love we find among God's people Gives each the courage to endure. Our congregation is a refuge, A place where we can feel secure. 2. A word when spoken at the right time Is, oh, how comforting to hear! We hear these words of consolation From friends so faithful and so dear. How good it is to work together With those whose hopes and goals we share! We seek to strengthen one another And help each one his burden bear. 3. As we with eyes of faith are seeing The nearness of Jehovah's day, We need our gathering together To keep us walking in the way. United with Jehovah's people, We hope to serve eternally. So we encourage one another To hold to our integrity.

(See also Luke 22:32; Acts 14:21, 22; Gal. 6:2; 1 Thess. 5:14.)

122

Myriads of Brothers
(Revelation 7:9, 10)

1. Myriads on myriads of brothers, Millions for all to see, Each one a faithful witness, Firm in integrity. Myriads we are on myriads, Growing, a mighty crowd, From ev'ry nation and tribe and tongue, We praise our God aloud. 2. Myriads on myriads of brothers, We preach both far and near "Good news of something better," Which millions long to hear. And as we keep on preaching, Though we at times are stressed, Jesus refreshes the weary souls; He gives us peace and rest. 3. Myriads on myriads of brothers, God keeps us in his sight, Safe in his earthly courtyards, Serving him day and night. Myriads we are on myriads, With Kingdom news we go, God's fellow workers we have become, Serving him here below.

(See also Isa. 52:7; Matt. 11:29; Rev. 7:15.)

123

Shepherds—Gifts in Men
(Ephesians 4:8)

1. Help in our lives, Jehovah provides, Shepherds to tend his flock. By their example they serve as guides, Showing us how to walk.
(CHORUS)

God gives us men who have earned our trust, Men who are loyal and true. They show concern for his precious flock; Love them for all that they do. 2. Shepherds who love us care how we feel; Gently they guide the way. When we are hurt, they help us to heal, Kind in the words they say.
(Chorus)

3. Godly advice and counsel they give, That we may never stray. Thus they assist us, God's way to live, Serving him ev'ry day.
(Chorus)

(See also Isa. 32:1, 2; Jer. 3:15; John 21:15-17; Acts 20:28.)

124 Receive Them With Hospitality
(Acts 17:7)
1. Jehovah shows sincere hospitality. He cares for all without partiality. He gives both rain and sun, withholding these from none; He fills our hearts with food and good cheer. Whenever we show favor to lowly ones, We imitate our God as beloved sons. Our Father will repay the goodness we display, Our kindness that is truly sincere. 2. We never know the good that may come about When we see those in need and we help them out. Though strangers they may be, in hospitality, We lend a hand to care for their needs. Like Lydia of old, we say: ‘Be my guest.' When they come to our home, they find peace and rest. Our Father is aware of all those ev'rywhere, Who imitate his merciful deeds.

(See also Acts 16:14, 15; Rom. 12:13; 1 Tim. 3:2; Heb. 13:2; 1 Pet. 4:9.)

125

Loyally Submitting to Theocratic Order
(1 Corinthians 14:33)

1. As Jehovah's people sound throughout the earth Truths about the Kingdom and its priceless worth, Theocratic order they must all obey And remain united, loyalty display.
(CHORUS)

Loyal submission in recognition, This to our God we owe. He gives protection, tender affection, Loyalty to him we show. 2. God provides his steward and his active force. These will ever guide us in our Christian course. So may we be steadfast, seeking God to please, Loyally proclaiming all his wise decrees!
(Chorus)

(See also Luke 12:42; Heb. 13:7, 17.)

126

Our Labor of Love
(Psalm 127:1)

1. Jehovah, this is the day; Now from our hearts, we want to pray. How you have honored us, favored us, More than words can say! Upon our labor of love, We've seen your blessing from above. And now a building stands, by our hands, As the proof thereof.
(CHORUS)

Jehovah God, it was a priv'lege For us to build this place for you. May we continue in your service throughout our days And bring you praise in all we do. 2. What happy faces we see, And what good friends we've come to be! And how we'll cherish these memories For eternity! We saw your spirit, O Lord, In how we worked with one accord. And how we've added fame to your name; What a grand reward!
(Chorus)

(See also Ps. 116:1; 147:1; Rom. 15:6.)

127

A Place Bearing Your Name
(1 Chronicles 29:16)

1. How great is the honor, Jehovah, To build you a place for your name! We offer it now with rejoicing To add to your glory and fame. Whatever the things we may give you, They rightly were yours from the start. Our labor, our skill, our possessions, We joyfully give from the heart.
(CHORUS)

May we present this place to you, And here may your name be known. We dedicate this place to you; Please accept it as your own. 2. And By May Of now may we honor you, Father, filling this place with your praise. glory ascend with the increase those who are learning your ways.

Committing this place to your worship, We give it our generous care. And long may it stand as a witness, Supporting the message we bear.
(Chorus)

(See also 1 Ki. 8:18, 27; 1 Chron. 29:11-14; Acts 20:24.)

128

The Scene of This World Is Changing
(1 Corinthians 7:31)

1. To give us hope and to save us From sin and death that enslave us, His only Son our God gave us— No gift could have greater worth.
(CHORUS)

Though the scene of this world is now changing, God has been wisely arranging Blessings for heaven and earth. 2. The world around us is ailing. The wicked system is failing. But God's rule we are now hailing; The Kingdom has come to birth.
(Chorus)

(See also Ps. 115:15, 16; Rom. 5:15-17; 7:25; Rev. 12:5.)

129

Holding Fast to Our Hope
(Hebrews 6:18, 19)

1. Men have been groping for centuries in darkness. Vain is their quest as they try to catch the wind. Man's tragic flaw is revealed in its starkness: None can they save, for they all have sinned.
(CHORUS)

Sing with good cheer, for God's Kingdom is here! His Son's mighty reign brings us freedom from fear. Through him, at last, evil soon will be past; This hope, like an anchor, is holding us fast. 2. "God's day is near!" rings the Kingdom proclamation; Men will no longer cry out to God: "How long?" Soon he will free all his groaning creation. Praise God Almighty, and join our song.
(Chorus)

(See also Hab. 1:2, 3; Ps. 27:14; Joel 2:1; Rom. 8:22.)

130

The Miracle of Life
(Psalm 36:9)

1. Ev'ry newborn child, Ev'ry drop of rain, Ev'ry golden ray of sun, Each head of grain— All are gifts from God; They reveal his way. Miracles performed by him sustain us each day.
(CHORUS)

So, what are we to do with a gift so rare But to love the One who gave it and show him we care. No matter what we do, We never can earn it. This gift is still a gift—The miracle of life. 2. Others may give up, Lose their will to try, Echoing the wife of Job: "Curse God and die." We are not that way. Praise to God we give, Thanking him for ev'ry precious moment we live.
(CHORUS)

So, what are we to do with a gift so rare But to love the ones around us and show them we care. No matter what we do, We never can earn it. This gift is still a gift—The miracle of life.

(See also Job 2:9; Ps. 34:12; Eccl. 8:15; Matt. 22:37-40; Rom. 6:23.)

131

Jehovah Provides Escape
(2 Samuel 22:1-8)

1. The living God, Jehovah, you have proved to be; Your mighty works abound in earth and sky and sea. No rival god can equal what you have done —there is none. Our foes will be consumed.
(CHORUS)

Jehovah provides escape for the loyal. His servants will see what a mighty Crag is he. So with courage and faith in our God, we spread the fame Of Jehovah, our Source of escape, and praise his name. 2. Though ropes of death encircle me, I call to you, "Jehovah, give me strength, and give me courage too." From your own temple dwelling, you hear my plea, "Shelter me; Rescue me, O my God.



missing stuff get this fixed